TMEDIA-736 : Share Bar Block (#1365)
WPMedia/fusion-news-theme-blocks: blocks/share-bar-block/README.md

# `@wpmedia/share-bar-block`

> This is the share bar block for the news theme, written as a functional component. Users can choose from five options to display on the share bar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the share bar block for displaying icons to allow the page to be shared, written as a functional component. Users can choose from five options to display on the share bar:
```

## Internationalization fields

| Phrase key              | Default (English)                           |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| share-button-aria-label | "Share current article via `%{socialType}`" |

**Note:** The `%{socialType}` value is taken from Internationalization fields in the
[global-phrases-block](https://github.com/WPMedia/arc-themes-blocks/tree/arc-themes-release-version-2.0.1/blocks/global-phrases-block).

> ## Events

Reviewer: No need to document Events and Event Listening - this block does not emit any events. This documentation is for when a block is emitting custom events

Author: Gotcha! Updated. Thanks!
